#### P31 在这个习题中，你将把已经学习过的因特网协议的许多东西拼装在一起。假设你走进房间，与以太网连接，并下载一个 Web 页面。从打开 PC 电源到得到 Web 页面，发生的所有协议步骤是什么？假设当你给 PC 加电时，在 DNS 或浏览器缓存中什么也没有。(提示：步骤包括使用以太网、DHCP、ARP、DNS、TCP 和 HTTP 协议。)明确指出在这些步骤中你如何获得网关路由器的 IP 和 MAC 地址。
(The following description is short, but contains all major key steps and key protocols involved.)

Your computer first uses DHCP to obtain an IP address. You computer first creates a special IP datagram destined to 255.255.255.255 in the DHCP server discovery step, and puts it in a Ethernet frame and broadcast it in the Ethernet. Then following the steps in the DHCP protocol, you computer is able to get an IP address with a given lease time. 

A DHCP server on the Ethernet also gives your computer a list of IP addresses of first-hop routers, the subnet mask of the subnet where your computer resides, and the addresses of local DNS servers (if they exist). 

Since your computer’s ARP cache is initially empty, your computer will use ARP protocol to get the MAC addresses of the first-hop router and the local DNS server. 

Your computer first will get the IP address of the Web page you would like to download. If the local DNS server does not have the IP address, then your computer will use DNS protocol to find the IP address of the Web page. 

Once your computer has the IP address of the Web page, then it will send out the HTTP request via the first-hop router if the Web page does not reside in a local Web server. The HTTP request message will be segmented and encapsulated into TCP packets, and then further encapsulated into IP packets, and finally encapsulated into Ethernet frames. Your computer sends the Ethernet frames destined to the first-hop router. Once the router receives the frames, it passes them up into IP layer, checks its routing table, and then sends the packets to the right interface out of all of its interfaces.

Then your IP packets will be routed through the Internet until they reach the Web server.

The server hosting the Web page will send back the Web page to your computer via HTTP response messages. Those messages will be encapsulated into TCP packets and then further into IP packets. Those IP packets follow IP routes and finally reach your first-hop router, and then the router will forward those IP packets to your computer by encapsulating them into Ethernet frames.

